bastard
He is determined to play fish to death with me
But Mr. Su
Miss Su was only 4 years old at the time
Even if I remember my childhood
How could you possibly know your secret, Mr. Su?
And what evidence do you have to show?
Liu Guixiang must be Liu Guixiang
That's him. He's been with us for 30 years
I can't think of anything but him.
Someone else knows the secret between us
Then Mr. Su, what should we do now?
Never let Li Hong
It's good to talk nonsense in the Public Security Bureau
Then I'll go after him.
Can't chase
Li Hongyi's Achilles heel is Li Huilan
Only Li Huilan knows
Mr. Su, you are crazy
I'm not crazy.
Crazy people are one by one
He is now taking something to the Public Security Bureau.
Want to play a game of fish to death with me
We are in the same boat
You won't be fine if I fall
Crazy crazy
Ms. Lin, I'm sorry.
You can only blame your daughter for not knowing how to lift her up.